Game scriptwriter, HR manager [Knowledge of personnel and the ability to understand the hiring of specialists], Programmers, Testers. Group administrator/PR manager. Various programmers. Special effects, graphics engine, demonstration. Ability to work in graphics and animation packages, preferably those who have had and have experience programming under Windows 7/8/8.1/10/11 in Embarcadero/Delphi/C++, Assembler x86 environments. Knowledge of OOP is a MUST!!! It is advisable to demonstrate your portfolio. Various specialists are ready to struggle with the task until its final solution for weeks or even months. Knowledge of Github is welcome. Work with VCL components too, work with files. Piecework payment, we also take smart students from related specialties. Beta - Testers. I will immediately make a reservation; experienced, meticulous and able to competently describe the "bug". With documentation and registration according to Computer GOSTs. Yes. More. We will introduce the game and our specialists to our colleagues in the Trade Union "BRICS" from different countries, including: Brazil, India, China, South Africa, etc. We will also do an exchange of experience of specialists. Our motto: ... Young and green; if you don't know how - we will teach you! If you don't want - we will show you how and ... we will make it work like a motor after assembly at the factory or major repairs. ————— <Not Implemented> About the graphics. It must comply with the standard and be all in graphic formats *.png This is due to the convenience of displaying and layering various graphic sprites of the video game. </Not Implemented> ————— It would also be a Know-how to make the Day gradually change with the Night. <Current Design> Create a new character Valeria Novodvorskaya with a weapon in the form of a huge club. </Current Design> <Implemented> Requirements: The screen should scroll from the right end of the screen to the left. Igor should walk smoothly with animation of walking/running sprites. The Demo version already has this. </Implemented> <Partially Implemented> It is necessary to create three landscape plans: static, static-dynamic and dynamic. </Partially Implemented> <Implemented> Igor punches as he moves to the right. The animation delay timer is working. The series of punches is 5+. Igor punches as he moves to the left. </Not Implemented> Igor punches with his right foot. Create a character Valeria Ilyinichna Novodvorskaya and Yegor Letov with an electric guitar, Viktor Tsoi, Vladimir Volfovich Zhirinovsky, Alexander Friends. Igor runs back and forth. Switch to running using the Caps-Lock key. </Not Implemented> </Implemented> <Partially Implemented> The "Main Menu" of the Video Game has been designed. </Partially Implemented> ————— The entire game and style should be an imitation of the Konami corporation, Sega, Nintendo and the ZX-Renegade -128K and ZX-Target Renegade-128K games. 0) Level. Sochi cafe. Protect Tatyana Talkova, the future wife of the protagonist Igor, from hooligans. 1) Moscow level "Chistye Prudy" Chistye Prudy against the background of the park. Fight with hooligans. Find a secret place in the old chapel and take a huge Cross from there. 2) Moscow level "Moscow Metro" 3) Moscow level "Defenders of the White House" Idea! At the end of the level Coup - 1991, make a huge tank on which a tricolor flag will flutter. Boris Yeltsin with General Alexander Lebed and others should be standing there. 4) Level "Coup - 1991" Leningrad, St. Petersburg, Background; a huge crowd of people, a rally, a mess of people ... Igor must go to the stage of Palace Square to the microphone. 5) Moscow level "Sheremetyevo-2" Il - 62M Igor must deal with all the hooligans and fly to New York. [There is an idea that Vyacheslav Ivankov should give him a case with money]. The plane leaves at the end of the level. 6) Level New York Queens John F. Kennedy Airport. Igor must get his luggage and go to Brighton Beach. 7) Level Brighton Beach. Find the seller of the White Ferrari Don Johnson and buy this car from him. 8) In the chase through the state of Miami, ram the black BMW of Boris Abramovich Berezovsky. Take away from him the Golden Minoru, which Boris Abramovich bought in the St. Petersburg Synagogue. Then drive to the Airport and fly back to Russia. Create hooligans on motorcycles "Izh-planet 5", enemies from the bohemian pop music. Create punks, metalheads. We are on github.com: https://github.com/izzymoreno2/Igor-Talkov-1990
